Task-1

I have run project https://github.com/dataengi/crm-seed using "Try in PWD" in cloud.
I have read project general documentation https://github.com/dataengi/crm-seed/wiki
I have logged in on web interface with default credentials

Task-2

I have discovered front-end project https://github.com/dataengi/crm-seed-ui and documentation for it  https://github.com/dataengi/crm-seed-ui/wiki/Customer%20contacts

1.	User story for Customer contact add

Main goal CRM: to manage and analyze customer interactions and data throughout the customer lifecycle, with the goal of improving business relationships with customers, assisting in customer retention and driving sales growth.

as a user I can create Customers database 
as a user I can create a CONTACT with detail information about my customers
•	there is possibility to add customer’s emails, phones as much as I need
•	there possibility to edit CONTACT 
•	there is possibility to delete CONTACT
as a user I can filter CONTACTS by Id, Name, Company, Phone, Email
as a user I can sort CONTACTS  by Id, Name, Company
as a user I can search a CONTACT  by Id, Name, Company, Email
as a user I can group created CONTACTS
•	there is possibility to add each contact to one or more groups
•	there is possibility to delete contact from a Group
•	there possibility to edit Groups
•	there is possibility to delete Groups
as a administrator I can invite / cancel invitation of new users with different roles (deploying representative, root, manager, invoicing representative, company manager, sales  representative, testing representative)
as a administrator I can see invitation statuses (Waiting, Registered,  Expired)
as a administrator I can activate / deactivate users
as a administrator I can view Contact book of each Company’s member
as a administrator I can manage own CONTACTS

2.	 Use cases for Customer contact add

As sales representative user can manage Contacts with detailed information  such as emails, phones, company, position in company, language, address. 
Also user can group Contacts by divisions, sales offices, product groups, by interest, quantities of purchases, regions etc. with possibility to create own Groups and to add Contacts to one or more groups and remove them from its.

As company manager user can manage own Contact book, create Contact books of partners, suppliers, sales  representative, end customers,  and share it between  other departments. Also  user can group Contacts by divisions, sales offices, product groups, regions etc. with possibility to create own Groups and to add Contacts to one or more groups
As company manager user can invite other users in different roles by sending invitation email.

3.	Requirements for Customer contact add 

Required fields: Name, email, phone
There is possibility to add email with one of the types 
There is possibility to add phone with one of the types 

Bug report according to above restrictions according to example: https://github.com/dataengi/crm-seed-ui/issues/6

1. There is no possibility to sort by "Email" fld. 
expected behavior
There should be a possibility to sort by "Email" fld.
actual behavior
There is no possibility to sort by "Email" fld.
Sorting works only by "Id", "Name", "Company" fld.
steps to reproduce
Go to Contacts > 
Try to sort Contacts by clicking on "Email" in the table header
 
2. There is no warning message for invalid Address fields
expected behavior
Invalid fields should be highlighted
actual behavior
There is no warning for invalid Address fields: “Street”, “City”, “State” 
"Submit" btn. is inactive
steps to reproduce
Fill in required fields >
Fill in "Street", "City" "State" with more than 50 characters (>50) >
"Submit" btn. is inactive
There is no warning for invalid "Street", "City" "State" fields
 
3. Server error while creating Contact with only Space in “Name” fld.
expected behavior
Should clear Spaces before and after the text in the input fields
actual behavior
Server error while creating Contact with only Space in "Name" fld.
steps to reproduce
Fill in "Name" fld. with Spaces >
Fill in the rest of the required fields >
Click on "Submit" btn.
 
4. Not all required fields are highlighted
expected behavior
All required fields are highlighted
actual behavior
“Email”, “Phone” fld. are not highlighted
Only "Name" fld. is highlighted
steps to reproduce
Go to Contacts > 
Add Contact > 
Try to submit new contact
https://www.screencast.com/t/DtcF2ilt6N
 
5. Deleted Group is displayed in "Groups" fld. of the Contact which was added to this group
expected behavior
Group is deleted from all Contacts which was added to this group after Group 's deleting
actual behavior
Deleted Group is displayed in "Groups" fld. of the Contact which was added to this group
Precondition
There is created Contact
There is created Group
Step to reproduce
Add selected Contact to the Group >
Go to the "Groups">
Delete the Group > confirm deleting >
Open the Contact
Bug: Deleted Group is displayed in "Groups" fld.
https://www.screencast.com/t/Thyzx4AaN1MJ

Task-3

I couldn’t run the project and discovered API
